# KICK
KICK: Korean Football In-game Conversation State Tracking Dataset for Dialogue and Turn Level Evaluation 

This README document describes the baseline code for training and evaluating machine learning models using the KICK dataset.

## 1. Data Construction
The data construction part is omitted from this document.

## 2. LLM-based Inference

### Models Used

#### GPT-4o
- Model Version: gpt-4o-2024-05-13
- Model Documentation: [GPT-4o](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-4o)
- Generation Parameters:
  - temperature: 1
  - top_p: 1

#### Gemma-2-9B-IT
- Version Info: No specific version; using the latest model as of 2024-09-25
- Model Documentation: [Gemma-2-9B-IT](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-2-9b-it)
- Generation Parameters:
  - repetition_penalty: 1
  - temperature: 0.5
  - top_p: 0.3

#### Meta-Llama-3-8B
- Model Documentation: [Meta-Llama-3-8B](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Meta-Llama-3-8B)
- Generation Parameters:
  - temperature: 0.6
  - top_p: 0.3
  - max_len: 4096

### How to Run
The script to run inference using the models mentioned above is as follows. Before executing this script, it may be necessary to set up each model’s API key or endpoint.

```bash
./run_inference.sh
```

## 3. Post-processing of Inference Results

Post-processing the results generated by each model to make them suitable for evaluation. The script for post-processing can be run as follows:

```bash
./run_results_process.sh
```

## 4. Evaluation

Evaluate the performance of the models using the post-processed data. Running the evaluation script will generate a log file containing various performance metrics (JGA, TGA, SA, RSA, RGI) for both the full game and the first half of the game.

```bash
./eval.sh
```

## Additional Information

This code is used to evaluate the performance of specific machine learning models and requires setting up API keys for each model before actual use. Further details about the usage of each script and the format of input files required at each stage may also be needed.
